Bump plotly.js to 2.11.1 (#2096)
plotly/plotly.R: NEWS.md

# 4.10.0.9000

## Changes to plotly.js

> * This version of the R package upgrades the version of the underlying plotly.js library from v2.5.1 to v2.8.3. This includes many bug fixes and improvements. The [plotly.js release page](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/releases) has the full list of changes.

Author: ```suggestion
* This version of the R package upgrades the version of the underlying plotly.js library from v2.5.1 to v2.11.1. This includes many bug fixes and improvements. The [plotly.js release page](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/releases) has the full list of changes.
```
